README.md, before:


Client-Server / P2P project for a networkin course

To start a client:
```
cd client
python client.py HOST PORT USERNAME
```

To start the server:
```
cd server
python server.py
```

UDP Commands:
```
- REGISTER select register and click "Send (server)"
  - ACK will be returned
- QUERY select query and give a username for "Username 1". Now click "Send (server)"
  - LOCATION will be returned
- LOGOUT select logout and click "Send (server)"
  - A success message will be returned
```
TCP Commands: 
```
- FRIEND select friend and give a username for "Username 1". Now click "Send (client)"
  - CONFIRM will be returned
- REQUEST select request and give a username for "Username 1". Now click "Send (client)"
  - No message will be sent in return, but the requested user's profile will now be stored in the friends/ directory
- RELAY select relay and give the username to request from in "Username 1". Then, put the user profile you are requesting in "Username 2" and click "Send (client)"
  - No message will be sent in return, but the requested user's profile will now be stored in the friends/ directory
- GET select get and give the username to request the file from in "Username 1". Then, put the file you are requesting in "Username 2" and click "Send (client)" The program will expect your file to be stored in the user's root directory "users/YOUR_USERNAME/"
  - The requested file will be stored in "users/YOUR_USERNAME/files/" unless the requested file could not be found. If it could not be found a message will be returned telling the user the file does not exist. 
- CHAT 
```

Commit message:

can only chat if you are friends with the user

README.md, after:


Client-Server / P2P project for a networkin course

To start a client:
```
cd client
python client.py HOST PORT USERNAME
```

To start the server:
```
cd server
python server.py
```

Changes I've made to the spec:
```
- Messages sent to client and server are not done so with a string. They placed into an array and then pickled and sent over the connection. 
- I decided to use JSON as opposed to XML for its robustness and the awesome answers on this SO post: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3536893/what-are-the-pros-and-cons-of-xml-and-json 
- Erros do not get logged to a file. They get logged in the gui
```

UDP Commands:
```
- REGISTER select register and click "Send (server)"
  - ACK will be returned
- QUERY select query and give a username for "Username 1". Now click "Send (server)"
  - LOCATION will be returned
- LOGOUT select logout and click "Send (server)"
  - A success message will be returned
```
TCP Commands: 
```
- FRIEND select friend and give a username for "Username 1". Now click "Send (client)"
  - CONFIRM will be returned
- REQUEST select request and give a username for "Username 1". Now click "Send (client)"
  - No message will be sent in return, but the requested user's profile will now be stored in the friends/ directory
- RELAY select relay and give the username to request from in "Username 1". Then, put the user profile you are requesting in "Username 2" and click "Send (client)"
  - No message will be sent in return, but the requested user's profile will now be stored in the friends/ directory
- GET select get and give the username to request the file from in "Username 1". Then, put the file you are requesting in "Username 2" and click "Send (client)" The program will expect your file to be stored in the user's root directory "users/YOUR_USERNAME/"
  - The requested file will be stored in "users/YOUR_USERNAME/files/" unless the requested file could not be found. If it could not be found a message will be returned telling the user the file does not exist. 
- CHAT 
```
